#1. Gather chart data with Spotify API

The scripts ```spotify.py``` and ```genius.py``` will allow you to
obtain the lyrics of charting songs.

You will need to run ```spotify.py``` first to obtain the song titles and artist names, then run ```genius.py``` to use the information from ```spotify.py``` to get the song lyrics. 

In addition, you will need the Spotipy, Lyricsgenius, and Pandas libraries installed. 

The following explains how to use ```spotify.py``` and ```genius.py```

## spotify.py
To use this script you will need to get an API key from: https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/general/guides/authorization-guide/

You will also need the URI to the Spotify playlist you want to obtain data from. This URI can be obtained by opening the sharing options of a Spotify playlist and clicking on "Copy Spotify URI"

In addition, you will also need the Spotipy and Pandas libraries installed.

Example URI: spotify:playlist:37i9dQZF1DX4o1oenSJRJd

Use the last part of the URI ("37i9dQZF1DX4o1oenSJRJd") in line 70 to obtain information on all the songs contained in the playlist.

Example usage: 
> $ python spotify.py
This will use the URI you put into the script and store the information in a Pandas dataframe, as well as output a csv file containing this data file with a name of your choosing.

## genius.py

To use this script you will need to get an API key from: http://genius.com/api-clients

In addition, you will also need the Lyricsgenius and Pandas libraries installed. As well as the csv files generated by ```spotify.py```. 

Example usage: 
> $ python genius.py
This will use the csv files from ```spotify.py``` and output a text file containing the lyrics of all the songs detailed in the csv file. It will also ouput a text file containing the title and artist name of the songs that did not get their lyrics written in the other lyrics text file.